This software is the non-C/Fortran language bindings for the
RealityGrid Steering Library.

Research Computing Services, IT Services, University of Manchester.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Prerequisites:

RealityGrid Steering Library

CMake (see below) will find the Steering library on your machine if it
has been installed in /usr/local or if you set the environment
variable REG_HOME or REG_STEER_HOME to the path containing the lib and
bin directories of the install or build.

You can also input the path by hand into CMake.

Other languages

The wrappers can be built for any or all of Python, Perl and Java. You
will need these languages installed to be able to build wrappers for
each one. You will need full development versions of the languages
that include the header files for building against them. For Java this
means that you need the full JDK and not just the JRE. Once the
wrappers are built they can be run on machines without full
development setups.

SWIG

The Simple Wrapper and Interface Generator is used to create the
wrappers. By default you do not need SWIG installed as this
distribution provides pre-generated wrappers which have been shown to
work for Linux, Mac OS X and Solaris. If you are having problems
however you may need to rebuild the wrapper code, in which case you
will need SWIG installed. It is available from http://www.swig.org/ if
it doesn't come with your OS.

An option to rebuild the wrappers is provided within the CMake build
interface and is OFF by default.

CMake

The Steering library wrappers are built with an Open Source tool
called CMake available from Kitware, Inc. It is available from here:
http://www.cmake.org/ and is provided in a number of different
flavours including Win32, Mac OS X, IRIX, AIX, Linux and source code.

The Steering Library Wrappers require CMake version 2.6 or later.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

How to build and install:

Please see the instructions that come with the Steering Library for
how to use CMake.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

The Steering Library Wrappers Options.

Some of these options will only be visible in "advanced mode".

REG_WRAP_INSTALL_TO_REG_DIR - default OFF

If this is set to ON CMake will set CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX to match that
which was used to install the Steering Library. This will ensure that
the wrappers are installed to the same locations as the Steering
Library.

REG_WRAP_JAVA - default OFF
REG_WRAP_PERL - default OFF
REG_WRAP_PYTHON - default OFF

Turn ON to build wrappers for that language.

REG_WRAP_RE_SWIG - default OFF

Turn ON to rebuild the wrappers from scratch. SWIG required (see
above).

REG_WRAP_BUILD_JAVADOC - default OFF

Turn ON to build the javadoc documentation for the Java wrappers.

REG_USE_MODULE_Samples - default sockets

Choose the transport over which sample data is moved. Current choices
are sockets, files or proxy - Only available if the Steering Library
has been built as a modular library.

REG_USE_MODULE_Steering - default sockets

Choose the transport which is used to pass steering messages. Current
choices are sockets, wsrf or files - Only available if the Steering
Library has been built as a modular library.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Any comments, enquiries or pleas for explanation should be directed to
the comp-steering mailing list.  Details available from:

http://listserv.manchester.ac.uk/cgi-bin/wa?A0=COMP-STEERING
